Added youtube video (#1889)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/challenge/startup-in-a-box.md

### Challenge

> Follow along with the steps below or watch the video to complete the challenge.

Reviewer: Generally, we don't use directional language in case someone is using a screen reader.

```suggestion
Follow along with the steps outlined on this page, or watch this video to complete the challenge.
```
